README.md, before:

# Remix Task

Welcome to the Remix Task repository! This project showcases a web application built with [Remix](https://remix.run/). 

Below, you'll find instructions on how to set up, run, and test the project, as well as additional resources like a demo video and unit test screenshots.

## Demo video

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/96c010a0-2f9e-41a7-bab9-fe6a81785f02


## Table of Contents

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Running the Project](#running-the-project)
- [Unit Tests](#unit-tests)
- [Demo Video](#demo-video)

## Getting Started

To get started with this project, follow the steps below:

1. **Clone the repository**:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/devaaks/remix-task
   cd remix-task
   ```

2. **Running the Project**:

    #### Install dependencies
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

    #### Run the dev server:

    ```shellscript
    npm run dev
    ```
    
2. **Unit tests**:

    <img width="380" alt="Screenshot 2024-09-10 at 1 52 26 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/04b54cf1-d641-48cd-953a-04b1330252ba">

Commit message:

Add description section in README.md

README.md, after:

# Remix Task

Welcome to the Remix Task repository! This project showcases a web application built with [Remix](https://remix.run/). 

Below, you'll find instructions on how to set up, run, and test the project, as well as additional resources like a demo video and unit test screenshots.

## Demo video

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/96c010a0-2f9e-41a7-bab9-fe6a81785f02


## Table of Contents

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Description](#description)
- [Running the Project](#running-the-project)
- [Unit Tests](#unit-tests)
- [Demo Video](#demo-video)

## Description

Application Features:

- [x] A user can view a list of people.
- [x] A user can search for a person.

Backend:

 - [x] Built using Node.js with TypeScript. The project utilizes Express.js as the Node.js framework.
 - [x] Implemented schema validation for all objects (requests/responses) using Zod.
 - [x] Unit tests included for key parts.

Frontend:

 - [x] The UI displays the list of people and includes a search functionality.
 - [x] Implemented with React JS and server-side rendering (SSR) using Remix.
 - [x] The UI is designed to be intuitive and interactive with Tailwind CSS.

## Getting Started

To get started with this project, follow the steps below:

1. **Clone the repository**:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/devaaks/remix-task
   cd remix-task
   ```

2. **Running the Project**:

    #### Install dependencies
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

    #### Run the dev server:

    ```shellscript
    npm run dev
    ```
    
3. **Unit tests**:

    <img width="380" alt="Screenshot 2024-09-10 at 1 52 26 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/04b54cf1-d641-48cd-953a-04b1330252ba">
